# real-time-bus-tracker
This is an animation that displays a city bus location in real-time. When you click on the button in the upper left hand corner, a visualization of all of the stops from my neighborhood to the local mall are shown. Building upon the previous example shown in class, I have created a custom button style, which shows a faded button that displays at full opacity after a 0.2 second hover and/or click on the button. In the future, I would like to experiment with adding a bus to the animation and labeling the different stops for clarification and a better user experience. One of the challenges I faced was deciding on the best color for the button to help it stand out as call-to-action button as a user. After experimenting with a few different shades of red and orange, I felt that green would be the best option, as this would mesh well with the Mapbox UI and the landscape of the route. After experimenting with Emerald Green (#50C878) and Seafoam Green, (#9FE2BF,) I felt that the lighter shade of these colors was making it hard to see the button at a lower opacity and, in turn, I felt that this was minimizing the effect of the hover transition animation/making it hard for the user to see that any change had taken place when they hovered over and/or clicked on the button. Eventually, I decided on Cadmium Green (##097969) as the primary call to action button color. In the future, I would like to experiment with adding a bus (in place of the marker) to the animation and labeling the different stops for clarification, as well as a better user experience overall.  
